were to go basics documents to go as an
application that enables you to view and
edit Microsoft Office files on your
BlackBerry smartphone using the
application you can view PDF files and
view edit and format the following
Microsoft Word documents Microsoft Excel
spreadsheets Microsoft PowerPoint
presentations to create a new file in
Word to go on the home screen or in the
Applications folder click on the
documents to go icon press the Menu key
and to create a document click new
document and type the information that
you want in the file finally press the
Menu key and select save to open a file
you can do any of the following on the
home screen or in the Applications
folder click on the documents to go icon
and to open a file from the Documents To
Go screen navigate to the files recent
or favorites view find and click the
file that you want to open and to open a
file that is saved in a folder on your
device click browse and find and click
the file that you want to open to open a
file that is attached to a message in a
message highlight the file that you want
to open press the Menu key and select
open attachment and select whether you
want to view or open the file to change
document edit modes click on the
documents to go icon by default when you
open an existing document view mode is
turned on using view mode you can
quickly go to different parts of the
document without making changes to it to
edit the document you must change the
mode to edit mode by pressing the Menu
key and selecting edit mode to view
tracked changes on the home screen or in
the Applications folder click on the
documents to go icon and open the
document you wish to work with if a
document contains track changes you can
view these changes on your BlackBerry
smartphone to view tracked changes in a
document press the Menu key select view
and then select show changes to hide
track changes press the Menu key select
view and then select hide changes to
move to the next change press the Menu
key select view and then next change to
move to the previous change press the
Menu key select view and then select
previous change to change how track
changes appear press the Menu key and
select options
to find and replace text in a document
on the home screen or in the
Applications folder click on the
documents to go icon open the document
you wish to work with and press the Menu
key and select find in the fine what
field type the word you want to find and
select find to find and replace the word
once in the replace with field type a
word and select replace to find and
replace the word in every instance in
the replace with field type a word and
select replace all for more information
visit blackberry dot-com slash support
you